c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mariojump.png
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\newJumpTest.exe
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\newJumpTest.pdb
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\obj\x86\Debug\newJumpTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\obj\x86\Debug\newJumpTest.exe
c:\users\darth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\obj\x86\Debug\newJumpTest.pdb
C:\Users\Darth\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newJumpTest\newJumpTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bricksprite.png
